Who we are.  How did our idea come about?

We are a group of novice students at 42 and our concept was born out of love for the methodology of this campus. 
We want to show our learning journey through Stella, the main character of our video game, who is the living proof that perspective is everything, not just in eclipses.
We aim to inspire players to choose to continue learning, motivated by rewards that encourage their curiosity as they interact with the environment.

Why is this so crucial for us? Why do we believe gamification presents a golden opportunity to capture the interest of young learners

During a study session, we often need an external stimulus, like a movie or background music, to keep ourselves from getting distracted by our surroundings. 
Our society has become dependent on dopamine-driven attention. Social media apps are the proof of this.
The traditional teacher-student education is beginning to change.
We want to merge the learning experience with the moments in which young learners are most relaxed and at ease: when they are enjoying themselves and having fun.

How many of you, while doing any activity are using the phone at the same time? (like watching tv, or cooking).
We propose addressing this modern context of constant distraction by the simple act of cooking a soup. However, this time, distractions will bring a reward encouraging curiosity and experimentation.
We are not going to explain what an eclipse is. Players will discover it by themselves playing with all the elements available in Stella's kitchen. 
For Stella, nothing is at it seems. This game is totally nuts, or as we would say in spanish, "Es una completa ida de olla".

Welcome to "Stella's Journey"
Stella and Aurora are two endearing eldery women who live together.
With the radio playing in the background, our protagonist sets out to prepare dinner while her companion (a former astronaut) settles down to read the newspaper.
Upon tasting the soup and stirring it with her spoon, Stella begins her journey, realizing that the sky is in her pot.

Playeres gonna be finding out mechanics by testing their environment.
Aurora will be there as an influencer, providing fun facts and some relevant information about space.
Our game does not intend to hold the player´s hand but rather encourages free gameplay, promoting curiosity through unexpected achivements like:
- Life earth destruction (congrats! you destroyed life in earth removing the sun)
- Burning eyes (you burnout your eyes by looking an eclipse without the special glasses).
Player will have the chance to find out the glasses on a few ways depending on how much attention they pay to Aurora and his environment.
All those achivements wil be saved in their recipe book along with	 relevant information.
What has happened? Why has it happened? How has it happened?
After playing enough the player will be able to answer their own eclipses questions generated during the game. 
Having answers before doubst appear have no sense and thats why we´re focusing on create curiosity.

Ok we're wrapping up.
At this point I want you to understand why we're CERTAIN that this game will revolutionize the way new students approach learning.
Our primary goal is to grant them the FREEDOM of choose their learning path: how and why.
We aim to provide an engaging video game that responds when they inquire. 
To deliver brief flashes of information through achievements that reward their curiosity, and give them a starting point for the most rewarding journey of their lives:
The hunt for knowledge.
